Add section on covert channels (#73)
cbor-wg/draft-ietf-cbor-serialization: draft-ietf-cbor-serialization.md

The security considerations in {{Section 10 of -cbor}} apply.

## Covert Channel

CBOR’s serialization variants can be used as a covert channel {{LAM73}} to steganographically exfiltrate data.

> For example, a CBOR argument (such as an integer encoding or a string length) can be encoded up to five different ways (e.g. the value 1 can be encoded as 0x01, 0x1801, 0x190001, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a CBOR argument (such as an integer encoding or a string length) can be encoded up to five different ways (e.g. the value 1 can be encoded as 0x01, 0x1801, 0x190001, 0x1A00000001, or 0x1B0000000000000001).
```

This variability can be used to encode ~2 hidden bits per argument.
Since every CBOR item carries an argument, even moderately complex protocols may accumulate sufficient bits to exfiltrate sensitive material (e.g., cryptographic keys) or to generate persistent identifiers for tracking users or devices.

The following techniques may be used to establish a covert channel:

* Varying the encoding of CBOR arguments (as above)
* Representing text or byte strings as indefinite-length encodings, and encoding information in the segmentation structure (e.g., segment lengths or insertion of empty segments)
* Encoding data within NaN payloads
* Manipulating the ordering of map entries
* Varying the Unicode representation of text strings

These channels are covert because most CBOR decoders accept all such representations without raising errors or warnings.¶

The primary safeguard is to ensure the CBOR encoding library used is trustworthy and does not exfiltrate data.

> Another option is to require preferred-plus or deterministic serialization and to have decoders verify compliance.

Reviewer: I think it is also worth mentioning that preferred-plus addresses the first three manipulations. Displaying/logging maps in the order received, or using deterministic encoding addresses the 4th option. And I think you had some text about Unicode normalization for the last point.

```suggestion
Another option is to require preferred-plus or deterministic serialization and to have decoders issue a warning if not compliant.
```
